{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs60 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Privacy Policy\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Effective date: November 16, 2019\cb1 \
\cb3 Blue Card Calculator ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Blue Card Calculator mobile application (the "Service").\cb1 \
\cb3 This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy for Blue Card Calculator is created with the help of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/free-privacy-policy-generator.php"}}{\fldrslt Free Privacy Policy Generator}}.\cb1 \
\cb3 We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Information Collection And Use\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 Types of Data Collected\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Personal Data\cb1 \
\cb3 While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Cookies and Usage Data\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Usage Data\cb1 \
\cb3 When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").\cb1 \
\cb3 Tracking & Cookies Data\cb1 \
\cb3 We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.\cb1 \
\cb3 Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.\cb1 \
\cb3 You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.\cb1 \
\cb3 Examples of Cookies we use:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Session Cookies.
\f0\b0  We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Preference Cookies.
\f0\b0  We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Security Cookies.
\f0\b0  We use Security Cookies for security purposes.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Use of Data\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Blue Card Calculator uses the collected data for various purposes:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To provide and maintain the Service\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To notify you about changes to our Service\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To provide customer care and support\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To monitor the usage of the Service\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To detect, prevent and address technical issues\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Transfer Of Data\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to \'97 and maintained on \'97 computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.\cb1 \
\cb3 If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.\cb1 \
\cb3 Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.\cb1 \
\cb3 Blue Card Calculator will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Disclosure Of Data\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 Legal Requirements\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Blue Card Calculator may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To comply with a legal obligation\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To protect and defend the rights or property of Blue Card Calculator\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To protect against legal liability\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Security Of Data\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Service Providers\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.\cb1 \
\cb3 These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Links To Other Sites\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.\cb1 \
\cb3 We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Children's Privacy\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").\cb1 \
\cb3 We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Changes To This Privacy Policy\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.\cb1 \
\cb3 We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.\cb1 \
\cb3 You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Contact Us\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
By email: srvanlanduyt@gmail.com}